DOC-687 Create Data Mutability Features article (#746)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/data/en/data-mutability.md

### Data privacy compliance

When using data mutability for privacy compliance:

1. **Stop Data Flow First**: Before you delete user data, ensure you send no new data about that user to Amplitude.

2. **Use User Privacy API**: For complete user deletion, use the [User Privacy API](/docs/apis/analytics/user-privacy) in addition to warehouse deletions

3. **Verify Deletion**: Confirm that deleted data no longer appears in your analytics

### Performance optimization

- **Batch Operations**: Group related mutations together when possible
- **Optimize Sync Frequency**: Balance data freshness needs with processing overhead
- **Monitor Resource Usage**: Track warehouse compute costs associated with change tracking

## Migration to data mutability

If you're migrating from a standard ingestion strategy to Mirror Sync:

### Recommended migration steps

1. **Create Cutoff Strategy**: 
   - Modify existing connection with a time filter (e.g., `WHERE time < {cutOffDate}`)
   - Set cutoff date to tomorrow in milliseconds since epoch

2. **Wait for Cutoff**: Allow the cutoff date to pass and verify no new data flows through the old connection

3. **Create New Mirror Sync Source**: 

>    - Configure new source with complementary filter (e.g., `WHERE time >= {cutOffDate}`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Configure new source with complementary filter (for example, `WHERE time >= {cutOffDate}`)
```
